# Neural Analysis Project



## Introduction



This project is aimed at analyzing neural activity data from [Visual Behavior - Neuropixels](https://allensdk.readthedocs.io/en/latest/visual_behavior_neuropixels.html).



## Project Structure



The project has the following structure:

neural_analysis_project/
│
├── data/  # This is where you'd store your raw data
│   ├── .vbn_s3_cache/ # AllenSDK
│   └── XXX.py
│
├── analysis/  # This is where your analysis scripts would go
│   ├── cca.py
│   ├── cca_analysis.py
│   ├── XXX.py
│   └── XXX.py
│
├── results/  # This is where you'd store your analysis results
│
├── figures/  # This is where you'd save any plots or figures generated by your analyses
│
├── utils/  # This is where you'd put any utility scripts (like data loading functions)
│  └── data_loading.py
├── test.py
├── timestamp
├── timestep.py
└── utils



- `data/`: This directory contains all the raw data files. Keeping them in a separate directory helps keep them organized and makes it easier to load them into your scripts.
- `analysis/`: This directory contains all your analysis scripts. Each script is responsible for a specific analysis.
- `results/`: This directory contains the output of your analyses. This could be CSV files, JSON files, etc.
- `figures/`: This directory contains any figures or plots generated by your analyses. By saving your figures, you can easily refer back to them or use them in presentations or reports.
- `utils/`: This directory contains utility scripts that are used across multiple analysis scripts. This could be data loading functions, data cleaning functions, etc.



## Setup

To set up the project, clone the repository and install the necessary dependencies.

```bash
git clone <repository-url>
cd neural_analysis_project
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

Replace `<repository-url>` with the URL of your Git repository.



## Usage

To run an analysis, navigate to the `analysis` directory and run the desired script. For example, to run the CCA analysis:

```bash
cd analysis
python cca.py
```



## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please read the contributing guidelines before making any changes.



## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the LICENSE file for details.
